Translate created objects at meeting.create (#1502)
OpenSlides/openslides-backend: README.md

Use docker to build and start the application with your favorite tools. See [Dockerfile](Dockerfile) for steps to setup the production build.

> ## Translate
> 
> To translate group/names etc. from English to another language look at the
> cli/translate.py script.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Translations

We recently updated the source language in the database from english to the user's language. To migrate your data from english to your preferred language, use the provided [translation script](cli/translate.py).
```

Author: Changed.
